I just wanted
oh I can't resist I'm supposed to fit
right here
but in do in view of precise things that
I just said I don't know whether you
know it or not but I have a new hobby I
am collecting stories that I can
actually prove are told among the
Russian people they make them up
themselves they tell them between
themselves reveals they got a great
sense of humor and they've also got a
little cynical attitude about things in
their country and one of these stories
the one I'm going to tell you I told to
general secretary Gorbachev and he
laughed the story was an American and a
Russian arguing about their two
countries and the Americans said look in
my country I can walk into the Oval
Office I can pound the president's desk
and say mr. president I don't like the
way you're running our country and the
Russian said I can do that
Americans you can he says yes I can go
into the Kremlin to the general
secretary's office found his desk and
say mister general secretary I don't
like the way President Reagan's running
his
your president distinguished members of
the Congress honored guests and fellow
citizens today marks my first State of
the Union address for you the
constitutional duty as old as our
Republic itself President Washington
began this tradition in 1790 after
reminding the nation that the destiny of
self-government and the preservation of
the sacred fire of Liberty is finally
staked on the experiment entrusted to
the hands of the American people for our
friends in the press who plays a high
premium on accuracy let me say I did not
actually hear George Washington say
[Applause]
oh yes I can define the middle-aged
that's when you're faced with two
temptations and you choose the one that
will get you home at nine o'clock we
have a realtor who was out driving on a
back road on his way to look at some
property and suddenly notice down beside
him was a chicken keeping pace with him
and he was doing 60 miles an hour and
suddenly the chicken spurted out ahead
of him and it looked to him as if the
chicken had three legs and then it
turned and went down a sign road and
into a barnyard and the driver turned
down that Lane drove into the barnyard
was a farmer there and he asked me said
did you see it chicken go by here and
the farmer said yep he's just did they
have three legs and the bomber says yep
I raised him that way I breed him he
says you do
he should have outcome well he said I
just love the drumstick and always liked
the drumstick now juniors come along and
he likes it and we just got tired of
fighting over it so I've been breeding
three legged chickens the driver said
well how do they taste
he says I don't know I haven't been able
to catch one yeah there's nothing I
enjoy more the little country humor one
of the great things about having you
here is that I get to tell a farm joke
first I need a setting but to Rick
you're from Kansas right ok this takes
place in Kansas was an old Kansas farmer
there he had a piece of creek bottom
land that had never been developed at
all it was all rocks and brush and all
messed up and he started in on clearing
the underbrush and hauling away the
rocks then cultivating the soil there in
the plant of the garden
everything from vegetables on to corn
and and it really became a garden spot
it was pretty proud of what he'd done so
one Sunday morning in church after the
service
he asked the preacher if he wouldn't
stop by to have a look well preacher
arrived and he took one look and he
should
oh this is wonderful they said these are
the biggest tomatoes that I have ever
seen
praise the Lord you should those green
beans that squash those melons he said
the Lord really has blessed this place
and look at the height of that corn he
said that God has really been been good
and the old boy was listening to all
this and he was getting more and more
fidgety and finally he blurted out
Reverend I wish you could have seen it
when the Lord was doing it by himself
and as it was falling grabbed a limb
sticking out the side of the cliff and
looked down three hundred feet to the
canyon floor below and then looked up
and said Lord if there's anyone up there
give me faith tell me what to do and a
voice from the heavens said if you have
faith let go
he looked down to the canyon floor and
then took another look up and just is
there anyone else up there I've always
thought of the importance of
communication and how much a part of
plays and what you and I what all of us
are trying to do and one day a former
place kicker with the Los Angeles Rams
who later became a sports announcer
Danny Villanueva told me about
communications he said he'd been having
dinner over at the home of young ball
player with the Dodgers the young wife
was bustling about getting the dinner
ready they were talking sports and the
baby started to cry and over her
shoulder his busy wife said to the ball
players change the baby
and he was a young felon he was
embarrassed in front of Danny and he
said what do you mean changed the baby
I'm a ballplayer that's not my line of
work and she turned around put her hands
on her hips and she communicated she
said look Buster you lay the diaper out
like a diamond you put second base on
home plate if with the baby's bottom on
the pitcher's mound you hook up first
and third slide home underneath and if
it starts to rain the game ain't called
you start all over there aren't any
words to there could properly tell you
how bittersweet these days are and the
things that we would like to say to all
of you you know I keep remembering back
and too far when someplace along the
line there would always be a picture of
a president standing in the Oval Office
as looking out the window usually the
picture from behind and he's standing
there and then his words are quoted as a
tag for that picture about this is the
loneliest place
and lonely and so forth I don't know
about them I haven't been lonely one
minute
[Applause]